When you're creating a post or page, you want to make sure everything from the title to the slug to
the content itself is optimized to rank for the keyword you're targeting, Yoast makes it really easy
to do this when you're editing a post or page and you know the keyword you're trying to rank for, you
can enter it as your focus keyword in the Yoast echo box right below the snippet preview.
Once you've done that, Yoast analyzes your content, looking at everything from your titles and meta
descriptions to the keyword density of your content itself.
If your content isn't fully optimized for any reason, it'll give you some specific instructions to
get you there.
For example, if your keyword doesn't appear early enough in the content or if your images don't have
all tags, or if you could use some more internal links, it'll tell you that here.
And as you fix each of these things, the analysis will update in real time.
So you know exactly what you still have to do.
In the next few lectures, we'll take a look at some of the factors Yoast analyses and how you can make
sure everything is properly optimized.